# Testimonial 20-questions

I'm Christina, a third culture kid, currently based in Austin, Texas. I'm a mom of 2 and have reinvented myself a few times career wise. I have a Masters in Art History, and for many years enjoyed being an independent curator and educator, writing for different art publications and being interviewed for art programs on Bloomberg TV. I tend to take the path less traveled, which has led me to starting different businesses. I've always been enthusiastic about education, particularly alternative and progressive education and this has led me to found ClassBubs, for my own interest and also particularly as a mom of young kids who wants to expose my kids to much variety and develop their interests, hobbies, talents and nurture them in every way possible. I definitely want to make an impact in this early childhood and parenting space, as I feel that our kids need different outlets to learn and express themselves in this rapidly changing world where technological advancements are outpacing human growth at lightning speed.

  

As a first time non-technical founder, understanding that the platform I wanted to build required technology, I was clueless where to even begin. I had an idea but I couldn't bring it to life without the technology piece and that's when I knew I needed a technical partner. I went through several potential technical co-founders, which really didn't work out until I met Mike. And alone, I struggled quite a bit with the proof of concept - initially building a simple website myself to try and solve the problem and then being referred to an outsourced technical team to build a white labeled MVP, and that turned out to be a big failure. I definitely made mistakes and learned some costly lessons, and today continue to navigate building Classbubs but now at least I have Mike who is my technical co-founder who confidently guides Classbubs' technical developments.

  

When looking for a technical co-founder, first and foremost I wanted someone who would be in sync with me, our mindset and philosophies, and gel well in terms of personality and compatibility in how we worked. Then of course I was looking for someone who had the technical skills and expertise. When I first met Mike, he was all ears. He heard my idea and the problem I was solving and what I had done so far to get to where I was, and then he was able to take charge and contribute in multiple areas of business, not just with the technology. Right off the bat he delivered on a brand new investor presentation deck as well as new branding for Classbubs. He also laid out a clear roadmap and plan for the technological development including a timeline and budget.

  

Since our initial discussions, there's been many new developments especially with AI and that has changed a lot of our requirements, for the better. Mike is able to keep up with new technologies and efficiently enhance our developments so that we can stay current, be more efficient and save costs as well. So far in our product and tech development, Mike's strengths have been especially in project management and hiring appropriate talent to complete different projects. Initially I thought Mike would just contribute from a technical perspective, but he has proven to be a great partner and co-founder as we work on strategic business direction together. Although Mike is a fractional CTO, he has been a very integral part of our Classbubs leadership team and has been the face of our company as well with investors. The startup journey can be a very lonely one, and having been able to find a partner who I can rely on and confide in, has made the startup building journey much more enjoyable, both professionally and personally. I am excited about our future and what we continue to build together.

  

  

1. Quick intro about yourself (1min max).
2. Why you started Classbubs (1min max).
3. Your pain points when developing the first MVP (as a non-technical founder) - (5mins max)
4. What made you decide you needed a technical co-founder finally?
5. What were your criteria for finding one? (alignment, skills etc etc)
6. How did I translate our initial discussions into actionable product plans?
7. Reflecting on our journey, how would you evaluate the product roadmaps I developed?
8. What do you think of my ability to recruit quality talent and deliver quality work through them? (Kumru, the design team, Shavin etc etc).
9. Looking back, describe your initial expectations vs my real contributions as a co-founder (not just design/technical...but also strategy, business savvy, experience etc etc).
10. How did my approach to developing financial strategy align with your expectations? Did you expect a technical cofounder to also help with cashflow and KPI models etc?
11. How have my technical and non-technical leadership skills influenced ClassBubs' direction?
12. How did my legal coordination by bringing in Komal, particularly cap table management, impact the company and your understanding with fundraising?
13. How did my involvement in investor meetings contribute to our growth and milestones?
14. In your view, how effective was I in post-investment communication?
15. Can you describe my role in setting up the company's data room, task management, techology etc?
16. How have my skills adapted to the diverse needs of our startup?
17. Describe your initial thoughts/doubts about my role being 'Fractional', i.e. focused on Product at the start, and then helping to transition and build the larger technical team when needed?
18. How would you describe my contribution to the product's user experience and design?
19. In what ways have I been a valuable asset during board updates and meetings?
20. Can you share your thoughts on my approach to handling challenges and setbacks?
21. Anything else you'd like to say? Open ended!